=== QUERY ===
My mom has this unshakeable belief that I have no friends, and I would rather be
cooped up in my room doing school work and hobbies. She thinks that if I join a
sorority, I’ll make some lasting friendships and it’ll solve all of my
“problems.” She was in a sorority herself, so her logic is “since I had a good
experience, Red will too.”  Originally, I wasn’t really bothered by her
pressuring. My college does deferred rush, meaning that the rushing for
sororities happens in the spring and not the fall. That way, we get time to go
to sorority events and get to know the houses. I thought, “ok, I’ll hear her out
and try the events to see if I like it.”  I ultimately ended up feeling that the
experience was not for me, and I have expressed this numerous times to my mom.
Every time I express this, she thinks up some excuse to dispel my argument like
“you have a preconceived notion about the girls in it” or “you just haven’t done
enough.” It doesn’t matter how I think or feel, she must find a way to discount
it.  It’s gotten to the point where just because I won’t commit to a sorority, I
am “making her depressed.” I have experienced so many arguments, yelling, and
tears and just “this is hurting me!” It’s become all about herself. Doing well
in classes? It doesn’t matter; I’m not doing enough for sororities. I joined
this cool club? A club is nothing; sororities are better. If I go home she wants
to strike up a conversation about sororities, nothing else. It feels like all of
my value here in college comes down to this one thing. It’s making me feel
trapped and it’s degrading on my mental health.  She’s even gone the extra mile
to share my Instagram with people I don’t know, and give my phone number to
another person, whom I also don’t know. I’m not on social media a lot, so this
made me very uncomfortable.  I had a professor notice the shift in my mood, so
she asked me what was troubling me and I explained this to her. Everyone,
including her, that I have explained my situation to has said something along
the lines of “it’s not for everyone, it’s ok if you don’t want to do it.” Even
my dad encourages me to do what I want. It is only her.  I’ve reached my limit,
and I’m at the point where, come this spring, I’m considering not even rushing,
not just because I don’t like it, but out of spite. If she wants to make me feel
bad about myself because I won’t join a sorority, fine;  I’ll make sure she
knows that type of behavior will not get me to do it. It saddens me because what
could’ve been this fun cool thing now feels like a burden to me. I go to a
sorority event and I just feel this deep sadness; it sucks. If I cave and
actually join a sorority, I’m just letting her win, and it encourages her to
behave like this again when she can’t get me to do something she wants.  I want
to make a note: I’m sure she does this from a place of love, it’s just hurting
me.  AITA for doing this out of spite?

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: WIBTA if I tell a friend tat I have too many problems with her birthday plan?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1octsoi
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1octsoi/wibta_if_i_tell_a_friend_tat_i_have_too_many/

I(20F) have a friend (20F) whose birthday is coming up in 2 weeks. We live in a
Dorm with strict rules(in-time and stuff), and she decided that she wants to
stay out for her birthday+weekend, her birthday falls on a Friday so she is
planning a full 3 day thing in the city. There are a few problems with it.
First one is that my parents are definitely not okay with this, she is asking me
to lie to my parents about it and go along with her plan. Her point is I have
gone out multiple times by lying to my parents, which is true but I have never
stayed out all night, all of them were day things.   Evey time I try to bring up
the fact that I am uncomfortable with the plan or I won't be able to join, she
starts complaining that everything is wrong in her life and her birthday is also
going to be ruined.   While we have other friends who are in on the plan, she
will cancel her plans if I am not going, but I do not wish to lie to my parents
about this. I am in a far away city for my uni, where they do not have people
they know. They have entrusted me with my own safety and they trust that i
follow the rules they have set for me. I do not wish to break that to such an
extreme degree.  Second is, the plan is expensive, she is paying for some
portion of it but I have to manage the rest myself. Her parents are giving her
extra birthday cash, mine won't be giving me money for her birthday. My spending
this year has already been quite high so I barely have much left and there is
still more than a month before I can go home for Christmas break.  Third thing
being her plan is to crash at a friends place, who is completely fine if not
overjoyed by the idea. I am not fond of that person, it's not that i have a
dislike to her it's just that i find that person extremely annoying. The point
is she does too. She talks bad about her, makes fun of her, laughs when other
people say something bad about her, but also invites her many times to hangout
with us and stuff.   Recently the same thing happened and I feel bad for the
girl as she always agrees to whatever because she doesn't have many people she
could consider friends.  I do not know how to approach this anymore. The only
way left is to tell her straight that i cannot join her in her plans even though
it would mean she will have to cancel everything.   While I am sure my reasoning
is good I know this will completely ruin her birthday. She has had a lot of
problems she is facing recently so she will feel horrible about it.   I just
need an opinion whether it is reasonable for me to go through with it or would I
be the asshole if I did.  **TLDR**: My friend wants to have a 3 day celebration
for her birthday as she is feeling down these days but due to my parents, money
and people in the plan I do not wish to. But if I do not go it would mean she
cancels the plan, WIBTA if I am the reason she doesn't celebrate her birthday.
**Additional Info I was told to add:**   My dorm will need permission from my
parents if I am going out.    I come from a country where traditionally women
were married off young and not sent out of homes for education.   So most dorm
or such places are 'responsible' for the safety of the students staying there,
so to make sure that if something happens to the student they aren't held solely
responsible, they confirm with the parents that they know about the plan or
whatever.  It is much lenient for guys, but for us we have strict rules we need
to adhere to.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for "throwing a fit" after my mom got mad at me?
Score: 2
Post ID: 1ocyr6h
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocyr6h/aita_for_throwing_a_fit_after_my_mom_got_mad_at_me/

Posting this before I go to bed maybe regret it tomorrow morning anyway, for
some context: I live in an Asian household and like the stereotypes my mom has
always been a straight-A student and top of her school, my older sibling has
always been praised for being super smart from a young age. Me? I struggle with
school. I wasn't always like this, and my grades aren't bad, they're just not
all As.   I've switched to online classes and so my mom said that I shouldn't
have bad grades or missing work etc. I've been doing good so far, I've had some
missing assignments here and there but end up turning them in late (but no late
penalty) and my assignments are always in the range of 85%-100% but for some
classes even with those percentages the total grade is like a D or C (It's a
whole thing) I told my mom about it when she asked about my grades, she agreed
it was strange.  One night after I when out with my friends she yelled at me for
not turning in all of my assignments and etc same conversation from before. She
kept switching what she was mad about every time I tried to explain myself. She
told me no going out unless I turn in all of my assignments. I did all of my
work and then I thought that was the end of it.  Since then, she would
constantly ask about my grades. It gets on my nerves. She's been asking about
literally nothing but school work, so obviously whenever she mentions school
again I get a little agitated, but I don't want to get in trouble I don't say
anything. When I get agitated I close my door a little too hard, or I walk a
little too loud, and etc. So she would say "why are you so mad?" and "I guess I
won't tell you to do anything" (Not exact words but I can't exactly translate
it)  Today was when things sort of "blew up". Not sure how it even started but
basically, my family (mom, dad, sibling) sat me down and said I need a better
schedule/routine and etc. They told me things as if I could follow routines best
fit for them, and maybe I could but it wouldn't be best for *me*. Later my mom
and dad were talking and asked me why I was "throwing a fit" (not sure what they
word they used is in English but that's close to it) and I said that I'm allowed
to have emotions. Later my mom came into my room and asked why I'm mad at her,
then I blew up. I told her, while sobbing, that I'm tired of her always talking
about school and that I'm really trying my hardest, and that I can't take it
whenever she talks about school. I told her that she hasn't talked to me about
anything but school. She completely missed the point, she kept telling me that
she has to so that my grades would be better. I honestly don't know what she was
talking about because I was so shocked at her response. She ended the
conversation with "I'm too scared to even talk to you" (another rough
translation). Me and mom are super close, the post may not seem like it but it's
true, I love her more than anyone. That's why I don't know what to do, so am I
the asshole?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for being extremely upset with my friend for choosing my ex bsf
Score: 2
Post ID: 1ock2b9
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ock2b9/aita_for_being_extremely_upset_with_my_friend_for/

For context, I (17F) and my friend (16F) have been friends since we were 4 and
5. Things didn't really change until last year. My old best friend \[Ill call
her Alice\] and I became super close about two years ago. we bonded over a toxic
person who hurt us both in the same way. But everything shifted when I got a
boyfriend. I've never been boy-crazy; I just happened to get into a relationship
first, and she blew up over it. After that, Alice changed a lot and started to
obsessively try and change to find a boyfriend. When my boyfriend and I
eventually broke up, she completely dropped me and started calling me toxic,
weird, fat, ugly, etc.   Now onto the friend I'm currently having issues with
\[I'll call her Natasha.\] She has really attached herself to Alice. Natasha has
had a rough family life and is usually staying at someone's house. I want to
make it clear that I don't care that Natasha and Alice are friends. I was bummed
at first because we all used to be close, but ive accepted that part. The
problem now is that i've been feeling very lonely because Natasha is always with
Alice.   This week I had a church conference Thursday and Friday, and that was
what finally broke me. Natasha and Alice spent most of the time whispering to
each other and going in and out of the bathroom crying because the guy Natasha
is talking to his ex showed up and she had an issue with Natasha. Meanwhile I
just sat there and watched, waiting to be including in the conversation.
Newsflash that never happened. On the last day, I ended up having a breakdown
because I felt useless and unwanted. It feels like the only time Natasha talks
to me is when something is going wrong for her.   I don't need constant
attention; I just want *some* effort in return. I also know i've been petty or
rude at moments out of hurt, but whenever i try to talk to her she either walks
away or talks over me changing the topic. Without Natasha I have no friends, and
im scared of losing her too.   Now I don't know what to do. I just feel stupid
and like i'm a bad friend, even though i've looked over the situation a hundred
times and can't figure out what I actually am doing that is wrong besides trying
to communicate my feelings.   So.. AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA for being cautious about my boyfriend’s sister moving into his house ?
Score: 21
Post ID: 1ocptfp
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocptfp/aita_for_being_cautious_about_my_boyfriends/

My boyfriend and I have been dating for two years, and our relationship has been
a little rocky in the past few months. Because of this, I’ve been staying with
my mom on and off. I moved in with him about a year ago.  During this time, I’ve
realized that his family has a lot of drama. He recently started talking with
his sister after being on rocky terms for years. She was in an abusive
relationship for seven years, and he didn’t talk to her for two of those years.
One day, she told him she felt like she didn’t have anyone to talk to. I offered
to be there for her, because I’ve been in abusive relationships myself and
wanted her to know she’s not alone. He gave her my number, and I ended up having
a phone conversation with her.  After that, she started calling me every other
day to talk about her trauma and her abusive relationship. I suggested she get a
therapist or an attorney for legal advice regarding her living situation, but
she said she didn’t have the money. Later, she told me she had another boyfriend
and had been traveling with him, but she was still technically living with her
abusive ex. She also asked me to keep it a secret from my boyfriend.  I felt
really uncomfortable being caught in the middle of all of this. When I tried to
express my unease about the situation to my boyfriend, he said, “Well, don’t you
have any empathy for people being abused since you’ve been abused yourself?”
When I told him I was overwhelmed and thought she needed professional help, he
also said that maybe I shouldn’t have contacted her in the first place.  A
couple months ago, he told me he was going home for Thanksgiving, and that his
sister would be moving in with us. I was taken aback, but since it’s his house,
I didn’t push too hard. While staying at my mom’s, I reflected on the situation
and started feeling uneasy and upset.  I asked him if she had a plan for how
long she would stay or if he wanted to set any boundaries, and he said he didn’t
know. When I asked if she might stay longer than a year, he said “maybe.” I feel
that if our relationship were stronger, I probably wouldn’t be as upset, but
given the circumstances and his rocky history with his sister, I’m skeptical and
uncomfortable with this situation.  Am I wrong for feeling skeptical or upset
about him moving in his sister without consulting me first, even though it’s his
house?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITA for continuing to use my 529?
Score: 13
Post ID: 1oclls7
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oclls7/aita_for_continuing_to_use_my_529/

VERY long story short...I am in undergrad right now and left home a few months
ago after a particularly bad fight with my mother. For context, I only live
there during the summers when I'm home from school. Her and I have always gotten
along, but she has always been very volatile and has been abusive at times and
that has caused strain on the relationship. This summer was a bit of a breaking
point, and I left home before I was supposed to because she got so angry she
insisted she didn't want to live with me anymore. I have since stopped most
contact with her and she is very upset. This past weekend, she demanded I give
her back the my 529 (for those who don't know, this is a special savings account
you can use to pay for educational expenses). My dilemma is that I am completely
on my own financially and literally cannot live without this money...I live off
campus and cannot afford food or tuition or rent without the 529. She insists I
should take out loans like she did and that I am acting entitled for refusing to
give her the money back. What do you all think?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

