=== QUERY ===
Me (21F) and my friends, who I’ll call “Muriel” (22F) and “Lisbon” (21F), took
an Uber to go out this weekend.  As soon as we got in the car, our Uber driver
(late 30s) launched into a tirade about how his life is basically falling apart.
For half an hour, he used us as a captive audience to rant about his marital and
career failures. He bragged that he was making $200K in tech previously, but got
laid off, and now his wife wants to leave him. Then he starting kicking off
about his wife and “how could she abandon him for no reason in his time of need
after 15 years of marriage” and saying she’s going to take their kids. He said
he’s only going to be an Uber driver for a short time to network and get back
into tech, and because of “interesting conversations like these.”  The
conversation turned to us girls, and he started interrogating us about our
majors and how old we are. He said he studied computer science back in the day.
Muriel told him she’s majoring in history, and he remarked “ok, so just put the
fries in the bag.” I said I’m majoring in women, gender, and sexuality. He
interrupts me saying “another worthless major.” So that was the end of civility.
I said there’s no such thing as a worthless major, as the point is to learn
critical thinking, and my major is actually one of the most important ones,
since the oppression of women is one of society’s greatest problems that must be
solved. And I said “maybe if you had taken a course in women, gender, and
sexuality in college, your wife wouldn’t be leaving you.”  He said I don’t know
anything about the real world, and I’ll never get a job outside of fast food. I
told him the fact that I already got a six-figure return offer from a fast-
growing tech startup, which I secured no problem through networking with my
sorority alums. Muriel interjected that she also has a return offer with a top
investment bank to which our college is a feeder.   I commented that it seems
like the only person who doesn’t know anything about the world is him, and maybe
he’d have a decent job still if he didn’t pick a useless major like CS.  We
reached the event venue at this point, and he told us to “get the hell out of
his car.” I sarcastically wished him luck with his divorce.  Lisbon, who’s not
confrontational and was quiet most of the ride, said Muriel and I were “so aggro
for no reason” and embarrassed her because we can’t take a joke. And that now
her Uber rating will go down. In my opinion, she’s a bit of a STEM supremacist
as well and likely sympathized with him as a fellow CS major. I think she’s also
somewhat bitter that she never got a return offer from her summer internship in
tech, so she’s perfectly fine with her humanities friends being disrespected to
feel better about herself.  The whole exchange lowkey ruined our night out.

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITA for getting upset at a student teacher?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1ocpzmn
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocpzmn/aita_for_getting_upset_at_a_student_teacher/

I (15F) am taking a German II class at my high school. Recently, this student
teacher started working in our class (call her Frau S), and we could already
tell she was too emotionally unstable for teaching. She would always get upset
when some of the guys in our class would playfully joke around or just chat with
one another while we would play class review games. Her emotions got so bad one
day, she outburst on this one guy for simply being extra competitive and
jokingly shouting "suck my di\*\*" at the other team. Frau S whisked him into
the hallway, started screaming and yelling at him to the point my friend in the
class down the hall said they all stopped class to just listen at the free
entertainment (lol). My actual teacher eventually had to go outside and calm her
down after a good 10 minutes. Yeah, it was that bad. 😖  A week later, we had an
in class short test. In our class, its pretty typical for students to ask out
loud "How do I say....?" or "what is...?". The guy in front of me raised his
hand and asked "how do we say 'to drive?'", to which I simply said "fahren."
Frau S, super big for her britches, then walks over, takes my test, folds it up
and throws it in the trash can in front of the whole class. She then snarkily
says "I know you have good intentions, but these of yours are just bad." Teacher
was in another room at a meeting when this happened, and Frau S then says I can
retake it in the morning before school. So I went home crying to my mom due to
feeling humiliated. especially that I now have to retake a whole test for a
completely pointless reason. My mom calls my teacher, teacher says shell talk to
me tomorrow when I come in. I go in the next day, and my teacher asks to talk in
the hallway. She tells me to just "let it go" bc Frau S in a new teacher, and
that I can retake my test afterschool. Teacher did absolutely nothing to correct
Frau S about her behavior, and just made a bunch of excuses for her. My mom
reiterated what my teacher said when I got home, but WITA for even escalating
this?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for thinking my partner is overreacting about my driving?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1odc1qm
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odc1qm/aita_for_thinking_my_partner_is_overreacting/

I went to test drive a Tesla and wanted my girlfriend to come along. I had an
appointment scheduled, and before we went, she mentioned a couple of times that
she was uncomfortable with the self-driving feature and didn’t want me to use
it. I didn’t think it would be a big deal, I just wanted to experience what the
feature could actually do, so I turned it on for the entire test drive. We were
completely safe, nothing dangerous happened, but she was quiet the whole time
and I could tell she was upset afterward.  For context, she has been in a car
accident before, and I know that might make her more anxious as a passenger. I’m
trying to be understanding, but it’s exhausting feeling like I can’t even drive
normally without upsetting her. I get that she gets anxious sometimes, but I
don’t think I should have to completely change how I drive when I’m not doing
anything unsafe.  Towards the end of the drive, I asked her if I could “floor
it” to see how the car handled. She said, “please don’t,” but I did anyway, just
for a second, to see what it was capable of. Again, nothing unsafe or reckless
happened, but she got quiet again.  Later that night, while we were driving home
on the highway, there was a car ahead of us that was swerving a lot. She said
something like, “Wow, that person must be drunk, they’re swerving.” By that
point, I was getting frustrated with the constant driving comments, so I said,
“I know how to drive.” I was aware of the situation and already giving the other
car plenty of space.  After that, things felt tense. When we stopped at the
grocery store, she walked ahead of me and didn’t really talk. Later, she pulled
me aside and said she’d felt uncomfortable in the car. I told her it felt like
she just had a problem with my driving. I wasn’t trying to dismiss her feelings,
I genuinely didn’t think I’d done anything wrong or unsafe.  I eventually said
something like, “Maybe you should just let me drive,” because I felt like she
was micromanaging me and overanalyzing everything I did behind the wheel. She
started crying and got really emotional, which surprised me.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for laying on the horn at an old man who stopped in a turn lane?
Score: 24
Post ID: 1oddhys
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oddhys/aita_for_laying_on_the_horn_at_an_old_man_who/

I live in Los Angeles and work on film sets. I took a job as a PA on a short
film last week. On the last day the shuttle bus taking the cast/crew from the
parking lot to the filming location broke down so the producer asked me to go
pick them up and bring them to set in my vehicle. (Yes, productions insurance
covered my vehicle while on the job. I made sure of that) We were in a hurry to
shuttle talent &amp; crew in and the pressure was on me at this point.   While
driving from the parking lot on the first pickup I needed to make a right turn.
Only problem was the driver in front of me decided to come to a complete stop
outside a building and turn on his hazards. The turn lane was blocked off with a
divider so there was no option for me to just drive around him. I rolled down my
window and asked him if he broke down, he replied by yelling “Uber pickup, just
one moment please”. I told him absolutely not and he needed to do his pickup
elsewhere but he ignored me.   I started honking at him. First a quick tap, then
just a bit longer. When that didn’t work I laid down the horn for probably 15-20
seconds until he threw up his hands in frustration and finally moved forward. He
yelled “fucking jackass” at me as I passed him.   One of the actors in the
backseat started yelling at me for being impatient and asked if I was trying to
get us all shot. I was pretty confident on old man driving an older Prius with a
Jill Stein and peace sign bumper stickers on the back was not going to shoot
anyone let alone own a gun and also, he was impeding traffic and this is LA so I
felt justified. The horn is a useful tool against inconsiderate drivers and I
stand by that.   My producer approached me later on to ask what happened. He
didn’t really have any reaction but I was later informed they were going to have
someone else drive people to/from the parking lot for the rest of the day.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA for calling my (F22) best friend (F22) an alcoholic?
Score: 12
Post ID: 1odqriz
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odqriz/aita_for_calling_my_f22_best_friend_f22_an/

this all started 4th of july. she no call no showed to work at her dads company
so she could get drunk earlier in the day. she went out all weekend, no call no
showed on monday, and got fired. ofc she blamed her dad for her losing her job.
then she snuck out on a thursday to go get drunk in a random field with random
dudes. her dad took her car and she ofc blamed him because if she hadn’t gotten
fired she wouldn’t have been drinking. then she throws a party at his house and
he threatens to kick her out if it happens again. i had a talk with her,
explained that she needed to focus on getting a job and a car and rebuild her
relationship with her dad. she agreed and i took her to a dealership that i know
would sell her a car and then helped her make a plan to get back on track. i
sent her multiple job applications for jobs that i could help her get, i sent
her information on different licenses she could get that would help her get
better paying jobs, and i also offered to pay for her first couple classes at
our community college. instead of accepting help she chose to get hammered every
weekend and almost every weekday. she then tells me one day that her dads gonna
kick her out if she’s not home by 2am that night. i told her i’ll drop her off
at home at 1:30am so that way she has a dd and she’s home on time. so i drop her
off, she says goodnight, turns off her location on life360, sneaks off to a
party. i find out she’s there, pull up in my jammies to pull her out of that
house and take her ass home, i take her back home then head back to my place and
then find out that she went back out. i was pissed. her dad kicks her out. then
last week she dodged my calls on a saturday morning. i look at her location and
she’s at walmart so i pull up and look for her car and instead i see her with
her mom. i immediately pretended to be surprised she was there and she said she
had a bad night. she texts me later saying she got arrested with some dude. this
is how i learn she’s seeing a 32 year old man with an extensive criminal
background, 2 divorces, and 3 kids. i try calmly and kindly talking to her and
suggest maybe she quits drinking for a while and she flies off the handle. she’s
telling me im a bad friend that never did anything for her. so i lost it. i said
“you’re an unemployed, homeless, alcoholic with no future. it’s fucking pathetic
that you can’t admit you have a problem while you’re ruining your life.” my
friends are saying i was too harsh and that i needed to be nicer but i say fuck
it. it’s true. she has a problem. but what do you think?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITAH :-for telling my half-sisters that the difference between us is very clear?
Score: 673
Post ID: 1ocpa94
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocpa94/aitah_for_telling_my_halfsisters_that_the/

I'm from a country that doesn't speak English, and all... I'm writing from a
different account, the names are in yours because my family has Reddit.  i'm
Eleni, ( 25F) My story began when I was young.  I grew up in a large family, and
when I say large, I mean literally large. My mom, dad, three half-sisters from
my dad's deceased wife (Sophia, Tia, and Monica), me, my two younger sisters
(Noah and Nia, the twins), my unmarried aunt, my two grandmothers, and my
paternal grandfather. My large family of 12 members. None of them worked except
my dad, mom, and aunt. Our financial situation is rubbish. I always felt that
our financial situation would have been great if my dad had stopped spending so
much money on his daughters from his first wife.  And when I say a lot of money,
it really is. He buys them expensive things.  :- Clothing and Makeup I remember
one time he bought Mony a dress for $250, while he refused to give me taxi
money. Gifts for no reason.  When I complained to my grandfather about my
father, he told me that my sisters didn't have a mother to care for them and
that my father wanted to make up for it.  And that when my sisters grew up, they
would work and the situation would end.  But that didn't happen because all
three of them entered private universities near our house. My father wanted to
buy them cars, and of course, our situation got much worse.  Noah and Nia only
had two jackets for the winter, which they changed into as spare parts. As time
went on, my sisters didn't work.  When I was 17, my father came to prepare me so
I could start working at 18, pay rent, and contribute to the household expenses.
The strange thing is that my entire family agreed. I asked my father why his
daughters didn't work. He told me I shouldn't compare myself to someone who
doesn't have a mother. I told him that  My mother treated them like her own
children; she probably pampered them more than we did.  Of course, I worked in a
restaurant and at a bookstore. Noah and Nia grew up and went to different
universities. Years passed, and I graduated, worked, and helped Noah and Nia.
Two weeks ago, I was at work. Nia called and said she was under my new house and
needed someone to open the door for her. I went home, let her in, and we sat
down. Suddenly, she told me that her father had kicked her out of the house
because she refused to work. (For your information, Nia's field of study is
difficult and requires focus, and it's hard for her to work while studying.)
Mouni called and asked me to explain her mistake to Nia and let her work and pay
her father's rent. I cursed Mouni and told her that she was selfish like her
father and that she and her siblings were spoiled in our father's house. Of
course, I was met with her famous crying spell.  Everyone called, even Sophie
the Charismatic called and asked me how I could upset her sister.  And she
thought there was no difference between us.  I told her that the difference
between us was very clear

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

