=== QUERY ===
Context: I was in marching band in high school, now I’m a college freshman. We
had a new director come in my sophomore year and he was great. But he was really
weird with one of the seniors, Britt, that year, she was always in his office
getting almost a therapy session from him and he also confided in her about some
really personal things in his life. Everyone thought this was really weird.
Fast forward to my junior year, I’m in the position that Britt was in before she
graduated and the director makes it clear he doesn’t like me and wants me to be
just like Britt was but I just can’t. This same idea continues into my senior
year. He never takes me seriously with my ideas or feedback, because I’m not
Britt. (My personality is completely different from her and I look actually the
exact opposite of her)  During this whole time there’s another student Cass.
Cass is a year younger than me and is kinda similar to Britt. They look a little
alike and are talented, extroverted musicians. (Long blonde hair, blue eyes,
pretty petite) I watched for two years, and for two years our director slowly
tried to make Cass into Britt. Now after I graduated Cass is in the same spot
Britt and I were.  Here’s where I’m conflicted. I watched for 2 years how he
completely changed cass’s identity into Britt’s. Nothing physical ever happened
between any of them, if it did then it would’ve for sure been reported. He just
had a weird emotional attachment to Britt. She’d talk about her relationship
issues with him and he’d talk about how stressed he was and his marital issues
with her. As for Cass, she didn’t let him get as close but he’s still managed to
mold her almost into a clone of Britt in the way they act and conduct
themselves. The whole codependency thing did not happen with them. But she
doesn’t exactly shut down his attempts. She’ll still listen to him but doesn’t
reciprocate by opening up to him too.  Is this grooming? I posted this in a
different context to a different subreddit and someone commented that it is and
I need to make a police report. Is this the right move? And if I don’t report it
to the police, would reporting it to the school district be the right call?
Would I ruin a man’s career over this? Or do I keep my mouth shut?  I’m very
torn on what to do or if I should do anything at all.  Edit: after writing this
and thinking about it I remember another band senior the same age as Britt who’s
named Sarah also had this kind of relationship with the director. He’d have her
in his office and talk about their emotional issues.  And here’s what the
therapy sessions were like -at least 30 minutes  -in his office with the door
closed -both Sarah and Britt were always alone with him when they talked

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITA for talking behind my coach's back while she was near?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1odr3g1
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odr3g1/aita_for_talking_behind_my_coachs_back_while_she/

During the school season, I was in a soccer club team with all of my best
friends. We've been on this team since last year, with the same coaches and
teammates. Throughout the season, our one coach Rebecca has been kind of off
from the start with me specifically. Flashback to a year ago, I tried out for a
higher club division in the summer and I ended up not making it despite having
similar athleticism, skill, and positivity as others who made it - Rebecca was
coaching that team that year. It obviously was devastating since soccer means a
lot to me and I really wanted to make that team but this didn't mean I was
putting others who made it down or talking negatively in any sort about the
people involved in the situation.   So when this year's season started, I
already had let go of the summer and what had happened, and was playing with a
good mindset and positivity. I was cheering others on the best I could, being
polite to all coaches including Rebecca, and pushing myself at every practice
and tournament. However, I could already sense Rebecca didn't really like me as
much as the other people on my team or that something was off but I didn't
understand why because I've never done anything to her that past year (turns out
I was right). My coach also tends to be on the harsher side and visibly had
favourites last year and they aren't on the team this year. Another issue we had
this season was the fact that there was a mix-up about who captains were. Long-
story short, it was originally me, and my other friend but it got switched
arbitrarily to other people, as coaches don't really care about who captains are
as long as there are three. That also caused a bit of drama which will be
relevant later on.   One tournament day, all four of us "captains" were going to
go talk to the other team's captains but Rebecca gave a bit of a dismissive
opinion that only two of us should go. I understand more than two captains is a
bit absurd, but I felt like I couldn't have a say in who should go and what.
After the game, I went to my friends and shared how I felt about how Rebecca
worded things and how it felt a bit harsh and unnecessary. I wasn't aware that
Rebecca overheard our conversation and next practice it became a rule that no
captains were allowed anymore. I talked to the coaches about it and their
reasoning made sense but I felt that there was no value in doing that because it
just made team tension worse. One other coach fully understood how me and my
friends felt, and agreed that it might have been overboard. AITA for how things
turned out? AITA for just stating my opinion on something with my close friends?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for being cautious about my boyfriend’s sister moving into his house ?
Score: 21
Post ID: 1ocptfp
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocptfp/aita_for_being_cautious_about_my_boyfriends/

My boyfriend and I have been dating for two years, and our relationship has been
a little rocky in the past few months. Because of this, I’ve been staying with
my mom on and off. I moved in with him about a year ago.  During this time, I’ve
realized that his family has a lot of drama. He recently started talking with
his sister after being on rocky terms for years. She was in an abusive
relationship for seven years, and he didn’t talk to her for two of those years.
One day, she told him she felt like she didn’t have anyone to talk to. I offered
to be there for her, because I’ve been in abusive relationships myself and
wanted her to know she’s not alone. He gave her my number, and I ended up having
a phone conversation with her.  After that, she started calling me every other
day to talk about her trauma and her abusive relationship. I suggested she get a
therapist or an attorney for legal advice regarding her living situation, but
she said she didn’t have the money. Later, she told me she had another boyfriend
and had been traveling with him, but she was still technically living with her
abusive ex. She also asked me to keep it a secret from my boyfriend.  I felt
really uncomfortable being caught in the middle of all of this. When I tried to
express my unease about the situation to my boyfriend, he said, “Well, don’t you
have any empathy for people being abused since you’ve been abused yourself?”
When I told him I was overwhelmed and thought she needed professional help, he
also said that maybe I shouldn’t have contacted her in the first place.  A
couple months ago, he told me he was going home for Thanksgiving, and that his
sister would be moving in with us. I was taken aback, but since it’s his house,
I didn’t push too hard. While staying at my mom’s, I reflected on the situation
and started feeling uneasy and upset.  I asked him if she had a plan for how
long she would stay or if he wanted to set any boundaries, and he said he didn’t
know. When I asked if she might stay longer than a year, he said “maybe.” I feel
that if our relationship were stronger, I probably wouldn’t be as upset, but
given the circumstances and his rocky history with his sister, I’m skeptical and
uncomfortable with this situation.  Am I wrong for feeling skeptical or upset
about him moving in his sister without consulting me first, even though it’s his
house?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for hanging out with my cousin’s ex?
Score: 5
Post ID: 1ocz1oz
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocz1oz/aita_for_hanging_out_with_my_cousins_ex/

For context, My cousin, Bryan(24M) had been dating his gf, Melissa(22F) for
around 3 years. Over this time, I(21F) had gotten closer with Melissa when we
saw each other at family gatherings and such. Whenever we saw each other, it was
always a good time. We have similar interests and senses of humor. They seemed
like they were end-game despite them being very young. I guess i just assumed
they were happy with each other and that wasn’t gonna change very easily. They
even bought a house together and shared the mortgage. That’s why I felt it was
set in stone. They came up with baby names, everything promising they could’ve
done.   Long story short, she broke up with him a month or two ago. I could give
you all the details on both of their sides of the story if you want but I
basically chalk it up to it just didn’t work out, and they were young and it’s
okay that it didn’t work out. They both weren’t happy in the relationship
because Bryan tended to be jealous and overthink. Melissa felt controlled by
him. You know the classic situation where insecurity pushes two people apart
from each other. Anyway, Bryan is very tore up about this and has confided in me
when we hung out the other day. His siblings and parents have all alienated her
from the family because they automatically took his side when they heard the
news. Even sending Melissa hostile text messages telling her she “fucked up” and
even my aunt telling her to “fuck right off”.   Messy, I know.  I’ve been on the
fence on whether or not it would be okay for me to hang out with Melissa, given
the situation. On one hand I don’t want to disrespect Bryan because of it all
but I also didn’t want to completely drop Melissa just because she broke up with
my cousin. I can’t really figure out how to toe the line between the two.   Well
tonight, I made plans to hang out with Melissa. We went to a pub in town and got
food and some drinks. Bryan figured out that we were hanging out and texted me
and asked if Melissa was at the bar tonight. I told him the truth about it and
now he’s very upset with me. He said he could never hate me, but he would never
do that to me. Saying I knew how depressed he’s been about it and he just didn’t
expect that “after how horrible she’s been”.   But AITA for hanging out with my
cousin’s ex?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA for being extremely upset with my friend for choosing my ex bsf
Score: 2
Post ID: 1ock2b9
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ock2b9/aita_for_being_extremely_upset_with_my_friend_for/

For context, I (17F) and my friend (16F) have been friends since we were 4 and
5. Things didn't really change until last year. My old best friend \[Ill call
her Alice\] and I became super close about two years ago. we bonded over a toxic
person who hurt us both in the same way. But everything shifted when I got a
boyfriend. I've never been boy-crazy; I just happened to get into a relationship
first, and she blew up over it. After that, Alice changed a lot and started to
obsessively try and change to find a boyfriend. When my boyfriend and I
eventually broke up, she completely dropped me and started calling me toxic,
weird, fat, ugly, etc.   Now onto the friend I'm currently having issues with
\[I'll call her Natasha.\] She has really attached herself to Alice. Natasha has
had a rough family life and is usually staying at someone's house. I want to
make it clear that I don't care that Natasha and Alice are friends. I was bummed
at first because we all used to be close, but ive accepted that part. The
problem now is that i've been feeling very lonely because Natasha is always with
Alice.   This week I had a church conference Thursday and Friday, and that was
what finally broke me. Natasha and Alice spent most of the time whispering to
each other and going in and out of the bathroom crying because the guy Natasha
is talking to his ex showed up and she had an issue with Natasha. Meanwhile I
just sat there and watched, waiting to be including in the conversation.
Newsflash that never happened. On the last day, I ended up having a breakdown
because I felt useless and unwanted. It feels like the only time Natasha talks
to me is when something is going wrong for her.   I don't need constant
attention; I just want *some* effort in return. I also know i've been petty or
rude at moments out of hurt, but whenever i try to talk to her she either walks
away or talks over me changing the topic. Without Natasha I have no friends, and
im scared of losing her too.   Now I don't know what to do. I just feel stupid
and like i'm a bad friend, even though i've looked over the situation a hundred
times and can't figure out what I actually am doing that is wrong besides trying
to communicate my feelings.   So.. AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITAH for being two faced towards my “friend”
Score: 1
Post ID: 1od3qtj
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1od3qtj/aitah_for_being_two_faced_towards_my_friend/

This started two months ago, my friend who we well call S gained a crush on my
boyfriend. Now he is an amazing guy so I completely get it but her crush has
gotten to the point where she has been trying to convince him that I am a bad
person when he is struggling with emotions. This has happened on many occasions
and it is truly stressful because I sometimes worry that it is going to get to a
point where he will leave me because she has become too convincing. She has
managed to get my boyfriend to break up with me on many occasions so she has a
chance with him. So recently after finding out that she has been telling people
the stuff I trusted her to not tell, I have been two faced and only act nicely
to her face but me and my boyfriend dislike her but remain “friends” with her.
I do worry though that I am the bad person for this as I know that two wrongs
don’t equal a right. Yesterday, I wanted to see if she would go tell my
boyfriend what I had vented to her about so me and my boyfriend were telling
each other what she said on both ends. Turns out she lied to my face saying she
knew nothing (previously my boyfriend had vented to her saying how he believed I
was distancing so therefore was acting off with me.) S then went and told him
everything I was saying then told me she wouldn’t tell him anything while
actively sending screenshots to him. I honestly feel betrayed even though I
expect it as S has done this before. AITAH?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

