=== QUERY ===
So hoco is happening next Saturday so I brought it up with my step mom as I’ve
been close with her. She said we had to get a dress and so me, her and my father
went to some store. I got a dress and whatever and left. Eventually I sent the
picture of the dress to my friends and eventually my mom. My mom is now showing
that she’s mad saying “most daughters get dresses with their mothers” and stuff
like that although ive just started talking to my mom recently since we had a
break. I didn’t know/care much about the dress thing, I was gonna wear a t shirt
and jeans. Plus I didn’t want to jump in and do a lot of things with my mom so
much.  Context about break, I originally didn’t see my mom physically since
January of this year and just now saw her twice last week, breaking that streak.
And I hadn’t texted her since June until a week ago. Things between me and my
mom are rocky so I didn’t even think about doing the dress thing with her. Plus
she struggles with money and dresses aren’t that cheap. My step mom has a great
job and doesn’t have financial problems. My step mom is more supportive of me
while my mom is more rude or brings me down to bring her up.  Now my mom is mad
at me for getting a hoco dress with my step mom. Am I the asshole for getting it
with her and not my actual mother?

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITA for not wanting to go to my stepbrother’s house for holidays anymore?
Score: 592
Post ID: 1oct4v5
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oct4v5/aita_for_not_wanting_to_go_to_my_stepbrothers/

I grew up without my dad and my mom married my step dad when I was young and he
has two boys. Was neither close with his kids or him. We are different people
with very different values.  My mom constantly asks me to go over to his oldest
boys house that is married with kids there for holidays.   I have went the past
two years and its so uncomfortable and not natural. We dont connect or talk...
Its an hour away and not worth it to me. I dont wanna just do fake family shit.
my step dads kids dont even talk to me when I go over, nor does his wife. didnt
invite me to their wedding, and only say hi when I leave. I feel my parents
value them more because they took the same path they did in life and mine
differs from theirs.   AITA for not wanting to go over there?



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for standing my ground against my mother?
Score: 54
Post ID: 1od4zy0
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1od4zy0/aita_for_standing_my_ground_against_my_mother/

Good evening. Last week i had a very heated argument (Or maybe one can even say
fight) with my mother on the subjective of my (Step)sister who she had banned me
from ever talking to since my birth.   It's a long story but I'll try keep it
short.   Apologies in advance for the horrible English, It's not my first
language.  My parents married at a very high age (\~50), and due to this, as you
can imagine, this was my father's second marriage. He had a daughter from that
marriage (early 20s back then), which my mother disliked more than anything
because my father paid a lot of attention to her, mentally and economically.
This resulted in very heated relations, and eventually she forced her to "Get
out of their life".      Fast forward 18 years and all this time she has banned
me from ever talking to her and having any sort of contact with her because "She
ruined our life", her reasoning is, among many she influenced my father to not
be a great husband and she said she (My sister) is looking for a way to get rid
of me so she can get all of the inherence.    A while ago, I finally managed to
meet her in a condition where i could spend lots of time with her, and I very
quickly realized pretty much all of what i heard from my mom was Bullshit and
she actually, all this time really cared for me and during the 1 week time i
spent with her found out we were very compatible and she was very supportive of
me.  My mother finally found out about this and was unimaginably mad. I stood my
ground, saying she is wrong about her and how she is my sister, and she has no
right to ban me from being in contact with her.    She is very very mad and has
said I'm no longer her child for disobeying her so blatantly.  So what do you
think? Was i right or wrong?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA For not giving back my old phone to my mother after she gave me a new one?
Score: 5
Post ID: 1oddli6
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oddli6/aita_for_not_giving_back_my_old_phone_to_my/

So I just turned 18 yesterday, and for my birthday, my mom (39F) and her
boyfriend (40M) gave me a new phone. I didn’t ask for it. I had told them I was
planning to buy myself one with my birthday money, and we talked about what kind
I wanted, but I thought it was just a convo, like they were genuinely being
interested.  Anyway, about a week before my birthday, my mom said they were
getting me a new phone since they wanted to give me a “bigger” present. I was
super happy when I got it on my bday, it was really nice and I thank them and
gave lots of hugs. Since genuinely they landed on the gift.  Then out of
nowhere, my mom says that once I start using the new phone, they’re taking the
old one back. That old phone was a Christmas gift from them a while back. So I
was like, “Wait, what? That phone was a gift too, and gifts aren’t something you
take back.”  We started going back and forth. I stayed polite most of the time,
just said I didn’t think it was fair and that's not what people do with gifts.
And then she got mad and called me ungrateful.  So I’m wondering... AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA for "throwing a fit" after my mom got mad at me?
Score: 2
Post ID: 1ocyr6h
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocyr6h/aita_for_throwing_a_fit_after_my_mom_got_mad_at_me/

Posting this before I go to bed maybe regret it tomorrow morning anyway, for
some context: I live in an Asian household and like the stereotypes my mom has
always been a straight-A student and top of her school, my older sibling has
always been praised for being super smart from a young age. Me? I struggle with
school. I wasn't always like this, and my grades aren't bad, they're just not
all As.   I've switched to online classes and so my mom said that I shouldn't
have bad grades or missing work etc. I've been doing good so far, I've had some
missing assignments here and there but end up turning them in late (but no late
penalty) and my assignments are always in the range of 85%-100% but for some
classes even with those percentages the total grade is like a D or C (It's a
whole thing) I told my mom about it when she asked about my grades, she agreed
it was strange.  One night after I when out with my friends she yelled at me for
not turning in all of my assignments and etc same conversation from before. She
kept switching what she was mad about every time I tried to explain myself. She
told me no going out unless I turn in all of my assignments. I did all of my
work and then I thought that was the end of it.  Since then, she would
constantly ask about my grades. It gets on my nerves. She's been asking about
literally nothing but school work, so obviously whenever she mentions school
again I get a little agitated, but I don't want to get in trouble I don't say
anything. When I get agitated I close my door a little too hard, or I walk a
little too loud, and etc. So she would say "why are you so mad?" and "I guess I
won't tell you to do anything" (Not exact words but I can't exactly translate
it)  Today was when things sort of "blew up". Not sure how it even started but
basically, my family (mom, dad, sibling) sat me down and said I need a better
schedule/routine and etc. They told me things as if I could follow routines best
fit for them, and maybe I could but it wouldn't be best for *me*. Later my mom
and dad were talking and asked me why I was "throwing a fit" (not sure what they
word they used is in English but that's close to it) and I said that I'm allowed
to have emotions. Later my mom came into my room and asked why I'm mad at her,
then I blew up. I told her, while sobbing, that I'm tired of her always talking
about school and that I'm really trying my hardest, and that I can't take it
whenever she talks about school. I told her that she hasn't talked to me about
anything but school. She completely missed the point, she kept telling me that
she has to so that my grades would be better. I honestly don't know what she was
talking about because I was so shocked at her response. She ended the
conversation with "I'm too scared to even talk to you" (another rough
translation). Me and mom are super close, the post may not seem like it but it's
true, I love her more than anyone. That's why I don't know what to do, so am I
the asshole?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITA for telling my mom she should have stayed in California?
Score: 464
Post ID: 1oczhuk
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oczhuk/aita_for_telling_my_mom_she_should_have_stayed_in/

Hi, I’m [22 F] new to Reddit so please forgive me if my post is not up to Reddit
standards. I wanted to ask if I am the asshole for telling my mother she
should’ve just stayed in California.   Basically, she went on a week and half
long vacation with her fiancee and while she was gone, I took care of my three
younger siblings who are 14,16, and 18. This means sending them to school and
work outside of our usual driving to hang out and things of the sort. I don’t
mind doing this, I love my siblings and although gas is expensive and I’m not
really making that much money, I do what I can because I know there is no one
else to help.   We had a really peaceful week; we all delegated tasks and knew
what chores to do and yes they fought here and there, but it was actually really
nice to have them both gone. I picked them both up from the airport tonight and
I already knew it was going to be bad when we got home.   I will admit, I didn’t
do some things my mother wanted me to do before she left (moving some of my new
furniture downstairs into my room), but other than that, we kept the entire
house clean and even cleaned and cooked before she came back to make sure when
she came home it would be less stressful.   My mother and her fiancee ate dinner
but I could tell she was already in a bad mood, which is understandable after a
long flight, but when she got out of the shower and saw my little sister looking
for her AirPods rather than being asleep (it was only 10:30 pm) she just kinda
went off on us both. Talking about how she does too much for us and how she
should’ve just stayed in California and how we didn’t even clean the bathroom.
My younger sister told her that yes she should’ve just stayed over there since
she clearly doesn’t want to be here and I will admit I felt hurt, this isn’t the
first time she’s done something like this after being away. I told her that the
next she time she leaves to go on vacation or wherever she goes to just stay
until she’s happy or just not come back at all because she always does this and
it drags everyone’s mood down and that we did our best to keep the house clean
and that I don’t know what it was she wanted from us but it doesn’t matter
because she’s like this every time she comes back.  She didn’t say anything and
now I am wondering if I am the asshole for saying those things?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

