=== QUERY ===
My sister (21F) and I (21M) are twins. My sister’s boyfriend (23M) is trying to
plan something special for her birthday. He has asked me to help out with it.
Originally I said sure, but then he proceeded to send me a list of people to
contact to send a video of their favorite memory with her. Some of these people
were my childhood friends who he mistook for her’s. It was a list of 20
something people and he sent the list to my parents as well. My mom called me
and said that she and dad handled everything with the list and not to worry
about it.   He texted me a week after sending the list and asked how much of it
I accomplished. I told him that mom and dad handled everything on the list but
he said that they got a different list and that I had to reach out her favorite
professors and get them to make a video. We do not go to the same schools and
even if we did, I just think that’s weird. I just decided to tell him that it’s
okay because our parents are probably doing something for our birthday anyway.
(Trying to drop a hint in case he may not know we’re twins).   He then said that
he thinks it’s incredibly rude and disrespectful to not help out during my
sister’s birthday. I then just flat out told him that we are twins and we don’t
do things like this for each other’s birthdays. And that it’s just weird that he
wants me to be so heavily involved in this plan. He just left me on read and I’m
not sure if it’s because I hurt his feelings (he’s sort of sensitive) or if he
didn’t know what to say because he didn’t clock that we were twins. AITA?

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITA For not giving back my old phone to my mother after she gave me a new one?
Score: 5
Post ID: 1oddli6
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oddli6/aita_for_not_giving_back_my_old_phone_to_my/

So I just turned 18 yesterday, and for my birthday, my mom (39F) and her
boyfriend (40M) gave me a new phone. I didn’t ask for it. I had told them I was
planning to buy myself one with my birthday money, and we talked about what kind
I wanted, but I thought it was just a convo, like they were genuinely being
interested.  Anyway, about a week before my birthday, my mom said they were
getting me a new phone since they wanted to give me a “bigger” present. I was
super happy when I got it on my bday, it was really nice and I thank them and
gave lots of hugs. Since genuinely they landed on the gift.  Then out of
nowhere, my mom says that once I start using the new phone, they’re taking the
old one back. That old phone was a Christmas gift from them a while back. So I
was like, “Wait, what? That phone was a gift too, and gifts aren’t something you
take back.”  We started going back and forth. I stayed polite most of the time,
just said I didn’t think it was fair and that's not what people do with gifts.
And then she got mad and called me ungrateful.  So I’m wondering... AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for not asking my BIL first?
Score: 11
Post ID: 1odtj1x
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odtj1x/aita_for_not_asking_my_bil_first/

I don’t have kids so I wanted to gauge how I turn out in this story. I have a
nephew that is 2yo and 2 days ago was the first time I was asked by my sister to
babysit. (I had been asking to babysit since he was born). I was super excited
and moved my work schedule so I could do it. Note: when anyone is asked to
babysit, her Husband is always home. He works at home and they have someone
babysit so he can focus on working.  The babysitting was for a couple hours in
the morning, everything seemed to go well. I had checked with my sister
beforehand to ask if I could take my nephew to the park a half block away. Her
husband said to just let him know when I was taking him. I did. I was also asked
to babysit yesterday, again everything went fine. Fast forward to today, I was
asked to babysit again. (My BIL was home) I texted him to let him know I was
taking my nephew for a walk.   So this is where AITA comes in. He called me a
couple minutes later asking where I was at, clearly angry. He said they really
prefer if people ask permission before taking their son anywhere because “you
just freak out if your kid is gone”. I said I could definitely bring him back no
problem. He said no it’s fine, I’m just saying. (Annoyed/angry the whole time)
When I got back he didn’t come upstairs through the whole time even up to when I
left their house. I also told my sister about the situation and she said its
better if I phrase things as a question.. Again I don’t think I’m in the wrong
because I did text beforehand and the park is literally just a half block away
in an enclosed neighborhood. But I also don’t have kids so I don’t know if it’s
normal? AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for getting upset over a gift my mom sent for my birthday
Score: 68
Post ID: 1ocxijb
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocxijb/aita_for_getting_upset_over_a_gift_my_mom_sent/

My mom has always been a pretty bad gift giver, but this has to be the worst,
I’m an only child &amp; I’m now expecting my first so for my birthday she sent
two baby outfits one that her coworker got from tj max, and a couple of baby
books and left all the tags on including the one that was on clearance. She then
wraps a coloring book from tj max &amp; some color pencils from the dollar store
in some tissue paper with my name on it and puts it at the bottom of the box. I
just turned 29.. Idk if it’s my hormones but the low effort she put into this
gift really upset me. She also forgot to say happy birthday &amp; then forgot
what age I was turning. When she called me to ask how I liked everything I
couldn’t help but tell her I was a bit disappointed especially because just last
night she went on about how she just bought herself Birkenstocks, she also knew
I really wanted a diaper bag &amp; would’ve been happy with that. AITA for being
upset, i feel ungrateful but I just wish she tried a bit harder.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA For telling my mother that my little brother (13) should not get many(if any) Christmas gifts this year.
Score: 0
Post ID: 1odkxl5
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odkxl5/aita_for_telling_my_mother_that_my_little_brother/

So this year has been rough for my family. My mother is a single parent of 4
including me (16f), my two brothers, and sister. I am the oldest of her children
and been having to step up lately.  Earlier this year him and my mother had a
fight about his screen time. It has always been 1 hour on vr for everyone,
including me but he has always had trouble listening to this rule. He normally
gets angry when I try to rush him off after he passes and hour and when I give
him an extra 5 mintues he still won’t get off when I tell him. At one point he
started getting in before my mother was awake or sneaking on without asking. Him
and my mother fought about how he needs to respect her rules or he can’t bring
use the headset or bring the one from his fathers house. My brothers dad doesn’t
care how much they go on electronics. My mom and their dad switch weeks with
them on Sunday's each week. My youngest brother(11m) doesn’t ever think the
rules are unfair.  When my mother and brother had an argument about the rules he
went to his dads the next day like normal but when it came the night to pick him
up, his father told my mother that he wouldn’t come, he didn’t feel comfortable.
My mom was asking for a reason since it was the week of spring break but my
brothers dad said he was scared of when she left at night to see her friends
(which she does once a month) even though I am here and capable of texting her
if something’s wrong and we have big dogs to protect us. All me and my siblings
don’t mind when she has left in the past since she returns before 12 and is
never drunk or acting wild, she always checks in and makes sure everyone is okay
beforehand.  My mother went to talk to him and see if he would come to our house
or just talk but at their fathers house, his father tried making my mother talk
to him through the screen door as him and his wife listened. Long story short he
started getting persuaded to go with my mother but saw his father and closed up.
Just so everyone knows, his father is a narcissist (professionally diagnosed)
and him and his wife have been discreetly harassing my mother for months.   My
mother was absolutely heart broken because she loves her children and does her
best, the whole situation making her mental state much worse. For the next few
months she only saw him during his sports games and she would cry after, clearly
distressed and wanting to see him more. She and my brothers dad went to court.
He tried to get full custody of one, key word, one of my brothers while
supervised visits from my mom. He didn’t talk about his other son which made it
more suspicious. To shorten this, the judge told him he had to make my brothers
come to our house. My brothers dad didnt exactly listen but after another court
session my brother slowly started coming back.   Lately is the problem: My
brother come to our house he acts like rules dont apply to him, he can eat junk
food, doesnt have to do chores, and can just sit on his phone (that wasnt even
supposed to be at our house but after an incident, it is). Now all hes been
talking about are gifts and things he wants even though he doesnt do anything.
AITA for thinking he shouldn’t have gifts after how he has impacted my mother
and our family life?  Edit: Yes, I know I shouldn’t be trying to parent but my
mom has been giving into all his wishes he’s asked for and after his fathers
words towards her, hasn’t been parenting him how she used to and how she does
us. I haven’t said anything yet but have been inching towards mentioning his
behavior. I’m taking all comments into consideration.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITA for telling my friend to stay out for her friend’s birthday?
Score: 3
Post ID: 1ocrs7a
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocrs7a/aita_for_telling_my_friend_to_stay_out_for_her/

So my friend who we’ll call Jade got mad at me recently, and I’m honestly still
a bit confused about it.  We were celebrating Jade’s best friend’s birthday -
who we will call Rachel. We started off in a group at a park, then were planning
to head to a bar afterwards. Jade had no other plans that day, but as we were
heading to the park she said she was leaving.  I said, jokingly, “come on, stay
for Rachel’s birthday.” She immediately said “shut up” and did the usual
goodbyes.  At first I thought maybe she was just tired or in a mood, but later I
heard from another friend that she told him she was mad at me for saying that.
Apparently, she said something like her “20-year friendship doesn’t revolve
around whether she stays out for her birthday or not.” and that “I am aware that
everyone thinks I’m boring because they all think I want to just be with my
boyfriend”.  This annoyed her so much that she then told that same friend that
our other flatmate, who we’ll call John, is her favourite flatmate by far (we
all live together). Felt a bit unneeded as a comment. This all has negatively
affected my relationship with her, and I would like to talk about this, but
would like to know if I was out of line for making this comment.   It’s kind of
annoying because if anyone knows me, I’m very chill and unserious - I never
meant it as pressure or guilt. It was literally a throwaway comment said in a
lighthearted, jokey way.   So… AITA for telling her to stay for her best
friend’s birthday?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

