=== QUERY ===
For context, I'm currently studying abroad in university and I'm on my second
year. I met this person within the first few days of the semester and we got
close ever since. We're from the same major, which kinda helped with getting
closer since we were in the same class.  This semester, we got some new friends.
These people are more of the party type, but my friend barely drinks. (We'll
call them Oliver to make it easier.) We've invited Oliver to join us for drinks
but they refused because: (1) They're not gonna drink. (2) They want to call
their partner at nighttime. (3) They don't want to waste money, even for food.
Everything seemed fine up till we (new friend gruop)started hanging out more. Me
and Oliver would talk a lot about what went down between people back then (last
semester,) mostly funny incidents that happened when we were intoxicated. But
this time around was different. We had a new friend group, not just random
people that changes every weekend. There were secrets involved, group chats, and
(planned) trips.  Now that there's a group chat without Oliver, I can't help but
to feel bad, as if I've never invited them to these gatherings. Oliver has also
made it clear that even if it is free, they'll never join us because of their
partner. Not because their partner is restricting them, but because they mainly
call at night. This is another issue that I have with Oliver. (I'll call
Oliver's partner Jake.)   Everytime we go out for food, Jake would call. It's
not just a quick call, it can last up to 30 minutes and they'd do that
repeatedly. I've tried telling Oliver that it makes me feel like they're not
valuing my time since we both have busy schedules. Oliver would apologize but
wouldn't do anything about it. I tried asking my friend on what I should do in
this situation, but they told me that I've done enough and that Oliver should
acknowledge what I said properly. It hasn't always been this way, Oliver used to
be such a good friend before they got into this said relationship.   Back to the
issue, Oliver has never once wanted to join us, yet they always ask me about the
tea that happened while we were drunk. I didn't tell them anything. I'd feel
horrible for telling them other people's secrets. After telling them that I
won't be doing that anymkre they said, "Oh so that's how it is now." I'm not
sure whether that's in a good/bad context. I tried telling them that if they
join our gatherings, then maybe we'll tell Oliver about our drunk stories. Not
sure if it'll actually happen, but based on their reaction, it seemed like a no.
But now my concern is that Oliver will find out about the other plans and feel
offended that they're not 'invited.' I feel like a terrible friend

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITA for not stopping my friend from snitching?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1od1z69
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1od1z69/aita_for_not_stopping_my_friend_from_snitching/

AITA? I, recently came back from this overnight school trip, and a lot happened.
I looked really forward to this trip and planned a lot of stuff with my friends(
it was the first time I was hanging out with such a big group, around 12 people
in total) but somehow everything fell apart, the friend that was closest to me
(I will call her Bee for convenience sake) Bee brought alcohol, and took it out
in the bus (it was mixed with coke) I knew she could get in trouble but I didn't
say much, since I didn't really care if she drank nor did I want to ruin the
trip, she passed it to everyone she knew wouldn't mind, including me but I
didn't drink, later on when we arrived at the hotel, we all met(all 12 of us) at
one of the bigger suites, it all went well at the start and though I felt a bit
excluded (my close friend was drunk af and clinged into this other girl idk) a
few of our neighbours (also classmates) were scared because someone played the
dingdong ditch against them, we found it funny but found no reason to be scared
since I mean, we are about to go to college in a year. But those kids called the
teachers, who later came to our room and to see if we were the ones behind
it..but they chemistry teacher? She smelled the alcohol, she snooped everywhere,
even checking the toilet, fortunately noting had happened in that room, and the
teacher left with a warning, but my friends got shit scared, since their room
had a can of absolute vodka and ciggerate buds in the can, so much so they said
they'd bring it here, me and few other opposed that idea cuz we didn't want to
get involved in this bs, but I still recommended ways to fix it, later, me, and
four other girls (we had a  different room and the fourth one just tagged alone
cuz she was too scared) went to our room and discussed this shit, but we heard
the door move, one of us thought it might be someone eavesdropping, and then a
teacher barged in, and asked who it was, we played dense at the beginning, but
they already knew which room it was, and after pushing us for a good 10 minutes,
one girl blurted it out in panic, and they went away, now my close friend
refuses to talk to me, and says it is my fault for not stopping them( I don't
know how I was supposed to since it was all so sudden and I couldn't just shyt
the girls mouth right in front of the teachers TvT)  P.s. this is my first time
posting here to idek shit  Update:- ðŸ˜” past me was stupid for thinking the trip
was the worst part, forgot about social boycott. Bee and my other 'friends' that
were nearly caught got off scot free, the girl who snitched and I devised a plan
to get them out of this situation, and it worked, surprisingly. It didn't change
much however and now I sit alone in most of my classes, with a fun sized amount
of bullying of course. Friends with the students who weren't involved but they
are in another class, I hope school is renamed to the hellhole it is. P.s. I
have no clue who to tell this to, so sorry for listening to my near rant/vent :P

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: WIBTA if I tell a friend tat I have too many problems with her birthday plan?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1octsoi
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1octsoi/wibta_if_i_tell_a_friend_tat_i_have_too_many/

I(20F) have a friend (20F) whose birthday is coming up in 2 weeks. We live in a
Dorm with strict rules(in-time and stuff), and she decided that she wants to
stay out for her birthday+weekend, her birthday falls on a Friday so she is
planning a full 3 day thing in the city. There are a few problems with it.
First one is that my parents are definitely not okay with this, she is asking me
to lie to my parents about it and go along with her plan. Her point is I have
gone out multiple times by lying to my parents, which is true but I have never
stayed out all night, all of them were day things.   Evey time I try to bring up
the fact that I am uncomfortable with the plan or I won't be able to join, she
starts complaining that everything is wrong in her life and her birthday is also
going to be ruined.   While we have other friends who are in on the plan, she
will cancel her plans if I am not going, but I do not wish to lie to my parents
about this. I am in a far away city for my uni, where they do not have people
they know. They have entrusted me with my own safety and they trust that i
follow the rules they have set for me. I do not wish to break that to such an
extreme degree.  Second is, the plan is expensive, she is paying for some
portion of it but I have to manage the rest myself. Her parents are giving her
extra birthday cash, mine won't be giving me money for her birthday. My spending
this year has already been quite high so I barely have much left and there is
still more than a month before I can go home for Christmas break.  Third thing
being her plan is to crash at a friends place, who is completely fine if not
overjoyed by the idea. I am not fond of that person, it's not that i have a
dislike to her it's just that i find that person extremely annoying. The point
is she does too. She talks bad about her, makes fun of her, laughs when other
people say something bad about her, but also invites her many times to hangout
with us and stuff.   Recently the same thing happened and I feel bad for the
girl as she always agrees to whatever because she doesn't have many people she
could consider friends.  I do not know how to approach this anymore. The only
way left is to tell her straight that i cannot join her in her plans even though
it would mean she will have to cancel everything.   While I am sure my reasoning
is good I know this will completely ruin her birthday. She has had a lot of
problems she is facing recently so she will feel horrible about it.   I just
need an opinion whether it is reasonable for me to go through with it or would I
be the asshole if I did.  **TLDR**: My friend wants to have a 3 day celebration
for her birthday as she is feeling down these days but due to my parents, money
and people in the plan I do not wish to. But if I do not go it would mean she
cancels the plan, WIBTA if I am the reason she doesn't celebrate her birthday.
**Additional Info I was told to add:**   My dorm will need permission from my
parents if I am going out.    I come from a country where traditionally women
were married off young and not sent out of homes for education.   So most dorm
or such places are 'responsible' for the safety of the students staying there,
so to make sure that if something happens to the student they aren't held solely
responsible, they confirm with the parents that they know about the plan or
whatever.  It is much lenient for guys, but for us we have strict rules we need
to adhere to.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for choosing a stronger group over my friends for university projects?
Score: 9
Post ID: 1ocjapw
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocjapw/aita_for_choosing_a_stronger_group_over_my/

Basically its the start of second year at university and many professors told us
that we need to group up to 3 ppl because of the future projects we will have.
In my friend group we are 5 ppl where we hung out alot in the first year of
university and helped each other alot. In this group 2 ppl are really smart in
the field, I gained alot of knowledge in a year while one has more experience
than me but just isnt clicking that well in the field and the final one has a
full time job and barely has free time outside of university. When it came time
to choosing groups i chose along side them to team up with 2 who are very smart
in the field because i knew the semester would go way more smoother with them,
but when we told the other 2 about it they got mad and said that we abandoned
them and that I specifically should join their group to help them. I refused and
stated my reasons and that while i would be in their help, id rather pass this
semester easier and better. Now i feel really bad about what i said but at the
same time I agree with myself about my decisions because i know if I go into the
same group as them ill have to carry them alot and while im better in this field
now than i was, Im still not good enough to know how to do every project to even
help myself let alone them. So reddit AITA of the way i reacted or is there smth
else i couldve done?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA for being extremely upset with my friend for choosing my ex bsf
Score: 2
Post ID: 1ock2b9
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ock2b9/aita_for_being_extremely_upset_with_my_friend_for/

For context, I (17F) and my friend (16F) have been friends since we were 4 and
5. Things didn't really change until last year. My old best friend \[Ill call
her Alice\] and I became super close about two years ago. we bonded over a toxic
person who hurt us both in the same way. But everything shifted when I got a
boyfriend. I've never been boy-crazy; I just happened to get into a relationship
first, and she blew up over it. After that, Alice changed a lot and started to
obsessively try and change to find a boyfriend. When my boyfriend and I
eventually broke up, she completely dropped me and started calling me toxic,
weird, fat, ugly, etc.   Now onto the friend I'm currently having issues with
\[I'll call her Natasha.\] She has really attached herself to Alice. Natasha has
had a rough family life and is usually staying at someone's house. I want to
make it clear that I don't care that Natasha and Alice are friends. I was bummed
at first because we all used to be close, but ive accepted that part. The
problem now is that i've been feeling very lonely because Natasha is always with
Alice.   This week I had a church conference Thursday and Friday, and that was
what finally broke me. Natasha and Alice spent most of the time whispering to
each other and going in and out of the bathroom crying because the guy Natasha
is talking to his ex showed up and she had an issue with Natasha. Meanwhile I
just sat there and watched, waiting to be including in the conversation.
Newsflash that never happened. On the last day, I ended up having a breakdown
because I felt useless and unwanted. It feels like the only time Natasha talks
to me is when something is going wrong for her.   I don't need constant
attention; I just want *some* effort in return. I also know i've been petty or
rude at moments out of hurt, but whenever i try to talk to her she either walks
away or talks over me changing the topic. Without Natasha I have no friends, and
im scared of losing her too.   Now I don't know what to do. I just feel stupid
and like i'm a bad friend, even though i've looked over the situation a hundred
times and can't figure out what I actually am doing that is wrong besides trying
to communicate my feelings.   So.. AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITA??) My best friend left my 18th birthday party for a boy..I donâ€™t know if I can forgive her
Score: 0
Post ID: 1octeus
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1octeus/aita_my_best_friend_left_my_18th_birthday_party/

One of my best friends Iâ€™ve known since grade 8 got with a boy in the beginning
of June and didnâ€™t tell any of us in the friend group  We are a very close knit
friend group. She kept dismissing our hangouts and ghosting us during them,
despite her planning most of them just to hang out with him.   Due to a strict
family, she is not allowed to see him or any relationships. At my 18th birthday
party, she forgot about a gift, the whole party and she showed up late and then
left early to go see him after giving me a very rude card and 50 bucks in the
card. (For reference, I had bought her a pandora bracelet with matching charms
for her 17th.) Mind you she did not tell us about him and my grandpa had died
from cancer two days prior.  During my party after she left, she called me and
begged me to lie to her older sister, who was in my driveway about her
whereabouts for her. She still hadnâ€™t told me where she was (which was with him)
and repeatedly refused to do so. I didnâ€™t get to talk to her sister because the
boy dropped her off before that.  Now, after a long summer of exhausting back-
and-forth mixed apologies, mixed stories, and blaming it on him that he made her
dump us, she wants me to go to her 18th and I calmly said no. She also broke up
with him at the end of summer.  Two of the friends in our friend group are going
the rest are still mad at her or still on the fence. Unfortunately and
completely coincidentally we all booked tickets for a haunted house on the same
day as her party , including the friends going to her party so they will have to
leave 2 hours early to hang out with the people who denied to go to her party or
ghosted her.  What should I do? Should I try forgiving her?  I understand her
family is strict, but am still very hurt she used us and created hangouts just
to never show up to see him.  Iâ€™m deeply hurt. Especially because of my 18th
party and she wanted me to go to hers. AIO??  Please give me reasons and explain
why Iâ€™m overreacting, or not. Iâ€™ve been going crazy!

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

