=== QUERY ===
I (16m) am a trans man, I've gone by my name for roughly 4 1/2 years, most of my
family has adjusted and respect it, and I let A LOT slip under the radar because
name changes can be hard.  My uncle, we'll call him T (40m), has a nephew who
we'll call Z (15m), he's not my cousin but he's related to my uncle. Z has a
mom, M, who's a Christian Nationalist basically, and naturally Z has taken to
those beliefs himself.  This happened last year, I had a history class with Z
and he was helping pass out papers. There was a girl in the class that shares my
dead name but we have incredibly different last names and different handwriting,
but Z tried to hand me the other girl's paper, this is how the conversation
went:  Me: "no this isn't my paper, that's A's paper" Z: "your name is A." Me:
"no it's not, to family it is, to you it's not, you can call me that during get
togethers but not in school."  Z put the paper on the correct desk but I still
told my teacher because I'm too old to be a baby about it, I thought that was
it. No.  Z apparently snitched to M, M called my aunt and told her to get T to
call my dad and get me in check. (Ow.)  Obviously my dad said no by the way, but
AITA? Maybe I could've just taken the paper and put it on A's desk when he left,
but I'm just angry and hurt that my uncle would take Z's side so quickly.

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITAH :-for telling my half-sisters that the difference between us is very clear?
Score: 673
Post ID: 1ocpa94
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocpa94/aitah_for_telling_my_halfsisters_that_the/

I'm from a country that doesn't speak English, and all... I'm writing from a
different account, the names are in yours because my family has Reddit.  i'm
Eleni, ( 25F) My story began when I was young.  I grew up in a large family, and
when I say large, I mean literally large. My mom, dad, three half-sisters from
my dad's deceased wife (Sophia, Tia, and Monica), me, my two younger sisters
(Noah and Nia, the twins), my unmarried aunt, my two grandmothers, and my
paternal grandfather. My large family of 12 members. None of them worked except
my dad, mom, and aunt. Our financial situation is rubbish. I always felt that
our financial situation would have been great if my dad had stopped spending so
much money on his daughters from his first wife.  And when I say a lot of money,
it really is. He buys them expensive things.  :- Clothing and Makeup I remember
one time he bought Mony a dress for $250, while he refused to give me taxi
money. Gifts for no reason.  When I complained to my grandfather about my
father, he told me that my sisters didn't have a mother to care for them and
that my father wanted to make up for it.  And that when my sisters grew up, they
would work and the situation would end.  But that didn't happen because all
three of them entered private universities near our house. My father wanted to
buy them cars, and of course, our situation got much worse.  Noah and Nia only
had two jackets for the winter, which they changed into as spare parts. As time
went on, my sisters didn't work.  When I was 17, my father came to prepare me so
I could start working at 18, pay rent, and contribute to the household expenses.
The strange thing is that my entire family agreed. I asked my father why his
daughters didn't work. He told me I shouldn't compare myself to someone who
doesn't have a mother. I told him that  My mother treated them like her own
children; she probably pampered them more than we did.  Of course, I worked in a
restaurant and at a bookstore. Noah and Nia grew up and went to different
universities. Years passed, and I graduated, worked, and helped Noah and Nia.
Two weeks ago, I was at work. Nia called and said she was under my new house and
needed someone to open the door for her. I went home, let her in, and we sat
down. Suddenly, she told me that her father had kicked her out of the house
because she refused to work. (For your information, Nia's field of study is
difficult and requires focus, and it's hard for her to work while studying.)
Mouni called and asked me to explain her mistake to Nia and let her work and pay
her father's rent. I cursed Mouni and told her that she was selfish like her
father and that she and her siblings were spoiled in our father's house. Of
course, I was met with her famous crying spell.  Everyone called, even Sophie
the Charismatic called and asked me how I could upset her sister.  And she
thought there was no difference between us.  I told her that the difference
between us was very clear

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for telling my roomate that her best friend's fiance is not invited to our parties?
Score: 27
Post ID: 1odnx8i
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odnx8i/aita_for_telling_my_roomate_that_her_best_friends/

I (27F) live with my boyfriend (25M) and his sister (27F) who is also one of my
good friends. I will refer to my boyfriend's sister as my roomate throughout
this post, but I wanted to be clear that our lives are more intertwined than
your average roomates. We frequently have friends come over and host parties,
and the vibes are good, EXCEPT... when my roomate's best friend's fiance comes
around. I will refer to my roomate's best friend as R and her best friend's
fiance as J.  J has been a source of discomfort in the friend group since he
started dating R. He has shown many times that he holds bigoted beliefs and he
is emotionally abusive to R, who we care about. Not only that, but R and J
constantly argue, even at these gatherings where we're all trying to have fun.
After months of this, it began to reach a point where all our friend group
talked about was how much they hated J, mostly because my roomate kept bringing
it up in conversation. Even at parties, most of our friends were eavesdropping
on their arguments or complaining about how terrible J was to R, and nobody was
having any fun. Yet, my roomate wasn't willing to stop inviting R and J to
parties because she was worried R would be isolated.  While I understand, I have
been in an abusive relationship before, and was not only very triggered by J,
but also sick of how my roomate's enabling was affecting everyone. I set a
boundary and said I did not want J coming to our parties anymore, and everyone
agreed. My roomate didn't agree, but respected is and told R that J was no
longer welcome.  R then got angry at everyone for not "talking to her" about it,
expressing no care about how uncomfortable they had made everyone. Since then,
they have not been in attendance at group gatherings, and while we were sad that
R chose J over us, we understood. Since then, things have been fine.  It's been
a few months, and my roomate has been repeatedly bringing up how J "took it to
heart and has changed". I don't believe that anyone is capable of changing their
whole personality and belief system in a year, never mind a few months, and have
expressed my skepticism. Recently, my roomate and my boyfriend were both talking
about this, and my roomate mentioned that she had invited R and J to our
upcoming party.   I didn't say anything at the time (my bad, I know) but I saw
this as a boundary violation, and was pissed that my roomate had not asked us
how we felt about inviting R and J beforehand when we had already made it clear
that J was NOT welcome. It took me awhile to talk to my roomate about it because
she gets very sad when she is confronted with anything, and I find her reaction
to be triggering (OCD + guilt = bad combo), but once I worked up the courage,
she just kept insisting that it wasn't fair for me to make blanket judgements,
that I should "give him a chance" and that J has changed. She is not willing to
reinstate the boundary we all agreed upon. AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for changing my daughters middle name
Score: 54
Post ID: 1octkde
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1octkde/aita_for_changing_my_daughters_middle_name/

Sorry about the long post guys, but this one has been eating at Me. I 31F and my
husband 34M are expecting our first baby in March. We found out really early
that we’re having a little girl and are super excited. However, there is the
problem of my mother-in-law for backstory my mother-in-law 57F has some serious
control issues to the point that she hijacked our wedding and basically tried to
make it what she wanted and now has effectively ruined most of the baby
milestones. We haven’t announced the pregnancy yet she decided to go tell the
family herself when we found out the gender. We told her and told her she to
keep her mouth shut. but it’s her first grandbaby and didn’t wanna keep it from
her. Well that’s where the problem started. We wanted to do a gender reveal
party mother-in-law tried to hijack that event again and forced us to do it at a
location that we weren’t comfortable with at her sister‘s house because we
stated we didn’t want to have the party there queue World War 3. She got over
the drama after my husband the saint that he is snapped on her. Now comes
planning for the baby shower once again trying to involve her sister who we have
no relationship with. We asked that the only stipulation we had was that we got
to do the food for it because we are both chefs queue the next meltdown. Now his
father 69m decided to get involved as he enables his wife. Husband and FIL get
into a huge screaming match, because that was our only concession. Well this is
where I may be the asshole. When we found out the gender, we decided on names we
picked something non-familial for her first name and her two middle names were
going to be my grandmother’s middle name and MIL’s middle name. Since she has
caused all this drama, I told my husband I don’t want MIL’s name attached to our
daughter as MIL has a tendency to be vindictive, cruel and narcissistic. Husband
agreed and we have since decided that daughter’s second middle name will be my
husband’s now late grandmother’s name am I the asshole for changing my
daughter’s middle name?  Edit for context: I’m done I will not control my
husband’s relationship with his parents but I’m done I wash my hands of them
they will not have a relationship with our daughter and I give not a single
crap. I will not subject my innocent child to that type of manipulation. Abuse,
or behavior, I don’t agree with her way of being and will not allow that as an
influence on my child. Period. I don’t tolerate poor behavior from my own family
I will not allow it from his at all. They will get no information at all and
hubs is on my side 100% we hate it has come to that but actions have
consequences

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: AITA for not really caring all that much that my mom sent my aunt an angry text on my behalf?
Score: 38
Post ID: 1odtjvy
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odtjvy/aita_for_not_really_caring_all_that_much_that_my/

Hi, On Father's Day of this year,  my aunt and uncle had my dad [70] and I [30M]
over for food and such. During this gathering, I gave my dad a $25 gift card to
Lowe's for Father's Day. I was self conscious about this gift as it wasn't much
money and I could conceivably afford more, but I had already spent a lot of
money that weekend on gifts for a couple other people and this was what I
decided was right for me at the time. And frankly, he wasn't a very good father,
so he should have been happy he got anything. There isn't a card in the store I
could buy him and mean it. Too much has happened. Taylor Tomlinson has a good
bit that conveys my exact feelings.  Soon after I gave it to him, he starts
making fun of it, saying that he spent like $80 on the food he brought. My aunt
chimed in condescendingly, "what can you buy with $25, [my name]?" I sat there
and took it, trying to let it go. The rest of the gathering passed without
incident.   As I drove home, I got more and more angry. This was a PERFECT
example of why I don't like my father. It exemplified so many things. I was
staying with my mom at the time, and when I got home she could tell I was upset.
I eventually told her what happened, including that my aunt had chimed in. I
broke down and texted my dad and called him a fucking asshole. My mom has seen
my struggles with my father and she was even more mad than I was. She eventually
said she was going to text my aunt and give her a piece of her mind. I knew this
would only make things worse, but 30 years of rage was boiling over in me and I
was too pissed off to care. She texted my aunt "You have highly disappointed me
that you belittled [my name] with the gift he gave his father." She said my aunt
would do the same thing if my mom had insulted one of her kids. My adult sister
agreed. I also tend to agree.  The following afternoon I got a text from my aunt
saying that she was sorry and she thought we were just joking around. I accepted
her apology and told her she and I were fine but my father and I have ceased
getting along.   Soon after I sent my father a letter addressing what my
therapist and I consider to be years of psychological abuse from him, telling
him that my relationship with him will not move forward until he reads it.
Things have been pretty cold with my aunt and uncle since all this happened. I
saw them for the second time since Father's Day at a family party (my dad wasn't
there) and my uncle called me out for going and crying to my mommy about what
his wife said. I retorted that I didn't ask my mom to do that, but I don't
really blame her for doing it. He said it was an overreaction and that we had
all been drinking and that I was out of line. AITA?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITA for "throwing a fit" after my mom got mad at me?
Score: 2
Post ID: 1ocyr6h
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocyr6h/aita_for_throwing_a_fit_after_my_mom_got_mad_at_me/

Posting this before I go to bed maybe regret it tomorrow morning anyway, for
some context: I live in an Asian household and like the stereotypes my mom has
always been a straight-A student and top of her school, my older sibling has
always been praised for being super smart from a young age. Me? I struggle with
school. I wasn't always like this, and my grades aren't bad, they're just not
all As.   I've switched to online classes and so my mom said that I shouldn't
have bad grades or missing work etc. I've been doing good so far, I've had some
missing assignments here and there but end up turning them in late (but no late
penalty) and my assignments are always in the range of 85%-100% but for some
classes even with those percentages the total grade is like a D or C (It's a
whole thing) I told my mom about it when she asked about my grades, she agreed
it was strange.  One night after I when out with my friends she yelled at me for
not turning in all of my assignments and etc same conversation from before. She
kept switching what she was mad about every time I tried to explain myself. She
told me no going out unless I turn in all of my assignments. I did all of my
work and then I thought that was the end of it.  Since then, she would
constantly ask about my grades. It gets on my nerves. She's been asking about
literally nothing but school work, so obviously whenever she mentions school
again I get a little agitated, but I don't want to get in trouble I don't say
anything. When I get agitated I close my door a little too hard, or I walk a
little too loud, and etc. So she would say "why are you so mad?" and "I guess I
won't tell you to do anything" (Not exact words but I can't exactly translate
it)  Today was when things sort of "blew up". Not sure how it even started but
basically, my family (mom, dad, sibling) sat me down and said I need a better
schedule/routine and etc. They told me things as if I could follow routines best
fit for them, and maybe I could but it wouldn't be best for *me*. Later my mom
and dad were talking and asked me why I was "throwing a fit" (not sure what they
word they used is in English but that's close to it) and I said that I'm allowed
to have emotions. Later my mom came into my room and asked why I'm mad at her,
then I blew up. I told her, while sobbing, that I'm tired of her always talking
about school and that I'm really trying my hardest, and that I can't take it
whenever she talks about school. I told her that she hasn't talked to me about
anything but school. She completely missed the point, she kept telling me that
she has to so that my grades would be better. I honestly don't know what she was
talking about because I was so shocked at her response. She ended the
conversation with "I'm too scared to even talk to you" (another rough
translation). Me and mom are super close, the post may not seem like it but it's
true, I love her more than anyone. That's why I don't know what to do, so am I
the asshole?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

