=== QUERY ===
My parents make a generous contribution of £100 pounds a month to my child trust
fund (I am turning 18 the coming summer) and have done this for several years.
About 2 years ago, my grandma paid £1000 to all her grandchildren (some adults,
some not), since her situation meant that she may not be able to make this
contribution in the future. Since I was 15 or 16 at the time, my parents took
responsibility for the money. Recently, I asked my mum about this money, and
when she would pay it into my trust fund.  She said that I was ignoring her
generous contribution and that I should treat it as my grandma paying for 10
months worth of my parents contributions. I used the analogy of a child
receiving regular pocket money and then upon receiving some money for Christmas,
the parents took it, since the child is all ready paid pocket money.. which
didn’t seem right to me.  On the other hand, I do recognise that my parents all
ready make a very generous contribution. Should I have confronted her about
this, and should I again?  EDIT: Let me add some more context.  Roughly around
the time of this gift of £1000 pounds, my parents set up premium bonds accounts
(essentially government backed savings that are separate to the trust fund) for
me, my twin sister, and themselves. My sister’s accounts and mine each had, and
still have, the minimum of £25 in. I asked my parents 2 years ago at the time of
the gift, to transfer the £1000 to my own premium bonds account, but they said
that they would just put it all in a pot in their account (along with their own
money). My mum argued it would earn more interest..? I assumed that upon turning
18, £1000 (plus the interest it gathered) would be transferred to me, but
apparently not.

=== RESULTS ===

--- Result 1 ---
Title: AITA for not buying a gift for my mom?
Score: 0
Post ID: 1od748c
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1od748c/aita_for_not_buying_a_gift_for_my_mom/

My dad's sister and my mom were both born on the same day, different years.  My
mom and dad, each give me 20 bucks a month for allowance.  This month I used it
all on a gift for my aunt's birthday. It's not much money so there was nothing
left for my mom.   When she found out she blew up at me. She thinks I should
have bought a gift for her instead.  I told her once she gives the money to me,
it's mine, and I can do whatever the hell I want with it. What is the point of
giving me money if I'm not allowed to use it how I like?  Plus my aunt was my
nanny growing up so she is very important to me.



================================================================================


--- Result 2 ---
Title: AITA for not giving my benefits to our households joint account
Score: 36
Post ID: 1odg0z3
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1odg0z3/aita_for_not_giving_my_benefits_to_our_households/

So our household consists of my dad my brother and me. So I first of all my mom
passed away 5 years ago. I am now 21 and my brother is 23 years old.   My dad is
known for us as someone you can’t discuss with in any way. For example one time
I came home from the train station with my bike. I opened the garage put my bike
away and close the garage door. When I came inside my dad suddenly asked angry
why I closed the garage door. I said it was closed so I closed it again like any
normal person would do. Then he said no it was open and he started shouting.
Like why would you should for something small like that. Just open the garage
door again if it bothers you that much. (The door was 100% certainly closed.)
Around 5 years ago nearly 2 weeks after my mom passed we also saw that he was
paying for fictional p*rn chat sites. This disgusted us and we are now talking
in amounts of € 10.000 so it’s not that it was like € 5 per month.   So about
the main subject. We have a joint account where we each put on € 700 each month.
This is for our monthly expenses like electricity, heating, water, etc. We also
use this for things like clothes that everyone needs.   Now my employer gives me
a few benefits like 30% discount on my electricity bill. I also have the
opportunity to work from home and get a few benefits with that as well. I get €
75 per month for my internet paid directly to my ISP so everyone benefits from
this in our household, I get € 50 per month just for working from home.   Now my
dad wants me to deposit the 30% discount I get paid for the electricity
discount. Honestly I don’t want to because I think € 700 per month is already a
lot to pay as rent to your parents to stay home. Now I live in Belgium where the
rent is not to bad but you still high and with your monthly expenses I would be
a tiny bit worse off living on my own. For the people saying yeah but that’s
with your food and everything. Yeah you are all right but I can live a lot
cheaper than my dad and my brother.   For that and because the benefit is for me
because I work in the electricity sector, I don’t want to deposit this on the
joint account.   I am really hard on saving and investing my money for this
reason I can really save every € I can. So do you guys think I am the AH?
Edit: so I see some people asking how the discount works. Well the discount will
go on my pay check because they are not the same company as my energy bill
company. The Belgian ISP’s have a system where they can use third party payment
provider. The energy billing companies don’t have this I think.   Maybe an
important thing as well: my brother is not an AH. We have our differences but as
a whole he is not a bad person like my dad is.  Some people may think that I
just want to talk bad about my dad but everything that I said in here I said for
a reason. I’ve been on an Erasmus exchange program in Finland and lived 4 months
away from him in peace so I’ve had the chance to think about my situation
clearly.   Also some people telling me I should maybe move out and I thought of
this many times but I am still 20 y/o and don’t really want to because I live in
a strategically good place for work and friends and the area is expensive.   I
have also talked to him about this a few moments ago and he agreed that I keep
it. The € 75 per month is plenty for my homework expenses.

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 3 ---
Title: AITA for continuing to use my 529?
Score: 13
Post ID: 1oclls7
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1oclls7/aita_for_continuing_to_use_my_529/

VERY long story short...I am in undergrad right now and left home a few months
ago after a particularly bad fight with my mother. For context, I only live
there during the summers when I'm home from school. Her and I have always gotten
along, but she has always been very volatile and has been abusive at times and
that has caused strain on the relationship. This summer was a bit of a breaking
point, and I left home before I was supposed to because she got so angry she
insisted she didn't want to live with me anymore. I have since stopped most
contact with her and she is very upset. This past weekend, she demanded I give
her back the my 529 (for those who don't know, this is a special savings account
you can use to pay for educational expenses). My dilemma is that I am completely
on my own financially and literally cannot live without this money...I live off
campus and cannot afford food or tuition or rent without the 529. She insists I
should take out loans like she did and that I am acting entitled for refusing to
give her the money back. What do you all think?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 4 ---
Title: WIBTA if I decide to move out and separate finances from my family
Score: 127
Post ID: 1od3wxl
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1od3wxl/wibta_if_i_decide_to_move_out_and_separate/

I am a 30F and my parents have been living with me for the past 5 years (I pay
for rent, utilities and most expenses). It is completely out their choice, I
don't need them to live with me. I have an elder brother who is married, both of
them work. He earns as much as me and SIL earns a bit lesser. But since parents
don't live with him, he's not asked to pitch in for any recurring expenses. I
don't think he would say no but he's not come forward to pitch in either. Though
I don't think he particularly wants to live full time with them. Everytime I
have broached the topic, he's dodged it.  My relationship with my father is
fraught. While I love him, he still likes to extend control over my life and
treat my finances as his.  He's manipulative and everytime I ask him to pick up
a few of their bills, he goes "Oh so you mean you want all of us to go separate
ways" etc.   While he has significant savings, he refuses to get a debit card or
credit card or adopt any app that would enable him to make digital payments -
sort of a forced financial dependence. He knows how to use all these financial
devices and had a good career in the government before retiring. Instead he asks
me to make all the payments. If I push back a little bit, he makes a show of
"giving me money because I asked for it" and guilt tripping me.   I am tired of
being manipulated, micromanaged and treated as a child even though I'm the one
taking care of everything. I've given up a lot of my social life over the past 5
years because they're quite controlling/need me/manipulative. This is not just
financial but in daily life as well. I want to move out and reduce expenses and
increase my savings which would make them move in with my brother that too after
much guilt tripping bs and me appearing as a the bitch in the family.   WIBTA
for doing so?

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================


--- Result 5 ---
Title: AITAH :-for telling my half-sisters that the difference between us is very clear?
Score: 673
Post ID: 1ocpa94
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/1ocpa94/aitah_for_telling_my_halfsisters_that_the/

I'm from a country that doesn't speak English, and all... I'm writing from a
different account, the names are in yours because my family has Reddit.  i'm
Eleni, ( 25F) My story began when I was young.  I grew up in a large family, and
when I say large, I mean literally large. My mom, dad, three half-sisters from
my dad's deceased wife (Sophia, Tia, and Monica), me, my two younger sisters
(Noah and Nia, the twins), my unmarried aunt, my two grandmothers, and my
paternal grandfather. My large family of 12 members. None of them worked except
my dad, mom, and aunt. Our financial situation is rubbish. I always felt that
our financial situation would have been great if my dad had stopped spending so
much money on his daughters from his first wife.  And when I say a lot of money,
it really is. He buys them expensive things.  :- Clothing and Makeup I remember
one time he bought Mony a dress for $250, while he refused to give me taxi
money. Gifts for no reason.  When I complained to my grandfather about my
father, he told me that my sisters didn't have a mother to care for them and
that my father wanted to make up for it.  And that when my sisters grew up, they
would work and the situation would end.  But that didn't happen because all
three of them entered private universities near our house. My father wanted to
buy them cars, and of course, our situation got much worse.  Noah and Nia only
had two jackets for the winter, which they changed into as spare parts. As time
went on, my sisters didn't work.  When I was 17, my father came to prepare me so
I could start working at 18, pay rent, and contribute to the household expenses.
The strange thing is that my entire family agreed. I asked my father why his
daughters didn't work. He told me I shouldn't compare myself to someone who
doesn't have a mother. I told him that  My mother treated them like her own
children; she probably pampered them more than we did.  Of course, I worked in a
restaurant and at a bookstore. Noah and Nia grew up and went to different
universities. Years passed, and I graduated, worked, and helped Noah and Nia.
Two weeks ago, I was at work. Nia called and said she was under my new house and
needed someone to open the door for her. I went home, let her in, and we sat
down. Suddenly, she told me that her father had kicked her out of the house
because she refused to work. (For your information, Nia's field of study is
difficult and requires focus, and it's hard for her to work while studying.)
Mouni called and asked me to explain her mistake to Nia and let her work and pay
her father's rent. I cursed Mouni and told her that she was selfish like her
father and that she and her siblings were spoiled in our father's house. Of
course, I was met with her famous crying spell.  Everyone called, even Sophie
the Charismatic called and asked me how I could upset her sister.  And she
thought there was no difference between us.  I told her that the difference
between us was very clear

[...content truncated...]



================================================================================

